What's the word?
Dumbest dreams.
Nick!
I usually watch Snakes with my sister, my mom, my dad.
When we have sleepovers, we always watch Snakes.
My dog likes to watch Snakes.
Snakes.
My mom, believe it or not, even she likes Snakes.
A better night.
I gotta watch Snakes.
Everybody's talking about it.
Saturday night, Nick.
Every Saturday night at 8, 7 central.
I'm Walter from Nickelodeon's Welcome Freshman,
and I've just discovered a revolutionary new way
for you to get all the answers to all the tests you have in school.
It's called a textbook.
And inside it, written in plain English,
are all the answers to all the questions on the test.
All you have to do is read it.
Textbooks. They're amazing.
I just wish someone had told me about them earlier.
This orange appeal has been brought to you
by Education First and Nickelodeon.
Look, there it is.
Four minutes.
Let's go back.
No, let's get the jewels.
Four minutes.
Forbidden Bridge.
Dare to cross Forbidden Bridge.
But if the angry idol shapes it,
you can fall to your doom.
First, grab the idol's jewels and get the safety wins.
But beware, Forbidden Bridge is...
Four minutes.
I win!
Forbidden Bridge is...
Four minutes!
I think I gave a magic tea party
with pink tea for me and you.
It's the magic tea party,
and it's full of colorful surprises.
Pour clear water from the teapot and...
Looks like pink tea.
Dip the spreading knife in water and...
Looks like jam for crackers.
With my magic tea party,
my tea party came true.
Now there are two more magic parties to have.
The magic breakfast party...
Looks like orange juice.
And the magic lemonade party.
Looks like pink lemonade.
Each magic party sold separately.
Color changes in 15 seconds.
The magic...
Saturday Night Nickelodeon.
Now you'll know what everyone's talking about
on Monday Morning.
It comes out of nowhere.
It strikes without warning.
It can happen to anyone.
Boredom.
Also known as tedium monotony.
Nothing to do.
When your life just seems to go on
and on and on and on.
Same old school.
Same old friends.
Same old room.
Same old me.
Now, if I lived somewhere else,
someplace exotic,
someplace exciting,
someplace different,
I'd never be bored.
So, Mota, what shall we do this afternoon?
Well, first I thought we'd close some cheese,
then after, we can send our clocks,
and then later, we can divide all the chocolate in the land
into milk and bittersweet.
Okay, skip that.
Maybe Tibet would be better.
So, Father, what should we do this afternoon?
Well, we could continue meditating.
Oh, we've been meditating since last Thursday.
Oh, we could chase a few yaks.
Did I say Tibet?
I meant Paris.
What are we going to do this afternoon, mon ami?
Well, we could be rude to the tourists.
Alert, not again.
Well, there's always the Jerry-Louis Film Fest.
Okay, forget Paris.
Looks like Omwe's a universal phenomenon.
I read somewhere that the longer you board,
the better the chances you'll become really boring yourself.
It's kind of the chicken and the egg thing.
Well, whichever came first,
I better do something fast.
Or boredom becomes a way of life.
I think it was Betty Crocker who said,
those who can, do.
Those who are bored, bake.
The world's first right-side-up, upside-down cake.
Well, this should kill another 15 minutes.
I was so bored today, I started off the morning
by delving into the world of handicrafts.
Decorative collage is a great way to kill time.
But do you really want your combat boots
covered with little pictures of butterflies?
Maybe something I can wear around the house.
All around the house.
Knit one, pearl of gazillion.
Is this what they mean by knit wit?
Seems like one meaningless activity
just leads to another.
Ah, the domino effect.
I guess it was exciting while it lasted.
About three seconds.
And now, this cake.
Is there anything more boring than boredom?
Oh, yeah.
Ah, is this your entry for the Big Loser Bake Off?
No, I'm looking at it.
Well, I hope we got some of the things she likes to eat.
What were you talking about?
We're having a visitor, Sport.
In an album?
No, you remember Cokie Henderson?
Who's Cokie Henderson?
My old college roommate.
Oh, yeah.
She's coming to visit?
No, but her daughter is.
Piper will be with us for a whole week.
Cool, but why would she want to come here?
She's checking out colleges.
She's coming to look at our old alma mater.
Yeah, Sport.
You know, it'll be like having a sister for the week.
And having one for your whole life.
Oh, I think you're both going to really like her.
Yeah, I think it'd be interesting to spend some time
with somebody who grew up in New York City.
Except for when they lived in London.
Oh, that's right.
Oh, in Istanbul.
Well, won't you be bored here?
Not if you stay in your room.
There's nothing to do.
I should know I've tried everything.
Oh, I'm sure you'll find a way to have fun together
and make her feel at home.
Yeah, so I'm going to go set up the study for her.
Great.
I'll help you get it ready.
How am I going to entertain a total stranger
this entire week?
I can't even entertain myself.
Too true.
What Piper needs is someone
urbane,
worldly,
sophisticated,
in a word,
moi.
In a word, yuck.
I understand the civic opera.
I think our guests might enjoy
box seats.
Piper.
Hmm.
Finally someone new and different.
Hey, nothing lasts forever.
Not even boredom.
I guess I could put my World of Craft Kit away now.
Piper is coming in the nick of time.
I was just about to get started on those origami
toothpick holders.
But what are we going to do once Piper gets here?
She's been everywhere.
She'll probably have a ton of ideas.
Hi, Sam.
Not so loud.
What's going on?
She might be out there.
She's still after you?
I don't know what I'm going to do, Clarissa.
She's all over me like a cheap sweatsuit.
That's some crush.
This is not a crush.
Maria Teresa Koolbaum is like my own personal fan club.
She's relentless.
Wednesday she sent me flowers, Thursday candy,
and yesterday a passionogram.
No.
Yes.
What's a passionogram?
It's this bucket filled with passion fruits,
some disgusting cologne,
and an edible love poem.
Wow.
This is worse than serious.
It's pathetic.
Do you even like her a little?
Well, she's nice and everything,
but no, she's giving me the creeps.
Sam, you've got to tell her you're just not interested.
I did.
But she told me that subconsciously I want to be chased.
I feel like the fugitive,
and I can't find the one-armed man.
You mind if I hide out here for a while?
No problem.
I'm just getting ready for Piper to get here from New York.
Hey, that's right.
New York.
Maybe she knows how to deal with psychopaths.
And boredom.
What are you doing, Ferguson?
I'm just trying to make Piper feel a little more at home.
Who's home, the Duchess of Dorkhead?
You wouldn't understand.
Sophisticated New Yorkers like Piper
have a lifestyle to maintain.
Tea sandwiches, classy music.
Just the beginning.
I think tomorrow we'll start with a continental breakfast,
taking a museum or two,
and then head off to the auction house.
What is this, baloney?
Oh, we were all out of watercress.
Clarissa?
Ferguson?
This is Piper.
Hi.
Hey.
You're Piper?
She's Piper.
Velasco was your mother's son of you.
You were still in pigtails.
My mom sent you pictures of me.
She's so whatever.
Cool shoes.
Oh, thanks.
Yeah, I myself prefer Esquidrills.
Top-siders, penny-loopers.
Sounds like an any-bower catalog.
Whatever.
Whatever turns you on.
Right, Marshall?
Hey, different strokes for different folks.
That's what we used to say.
Oh, Piper, do you want to call your mom
and tell her you've arrived?
That's okay.
I'll, uh, send her a postcard later.
Oh, well, um, you must be tired.
Whatever.
You'll be staying in the study.
Let's get you settled in.
Thanks, whatever.
Hey, after you unpack, Piper,
maybe I'll show you around.
We could hang out.
Tell you the truth.
I'm not in the mood right now.
Not in the mood for what?
Anything.
Okay, maybe later.
I'll show you where to put your things.
Thanks.
So, hey, that's Piper, huh?
Great kid.
You know, a little shy, maybe.
Am I the only one who finds her just a tad disturbing?
Well, she looks cool, I guess.
It could be interesting hanging out with Piper.
I guess.
Yeah, it'll be fun.
Oh, well.
Whatever.
I know, we can go rollerblading.
Rollerblading?
I don't think so.
But, uh, don't let me keep you.
I'm just not into that stuff.
Well, there's the battle of the bands down by the lake.
Thanks, that's okay.
Well, what would you like to do?
I really don't mind doing nothing.
This is fine.
Really?
Yeah, I said it isn't.
Hanging out's great.
It's, uh, comfortable.
It's stress-free.
Yep, no tension at all.
So, what would you be doing if you were in New York?
Probably going to the movies with my friends.
Movies?
We've got movies.
We've got plenty of movies.
Let's see.
There's a new Schwarzenegger movie.
Why would we want to see that?
And here's a new Spielberg.
I guess there's nothing to see here.
Don't, don't worry about it.
Well, we could always rent a movie.
Well, come on, there's got to be something you want to see.
I wouldn't mind seeing The Seventh Seal again.
But, uh, you probably wouldn't want to.
The Seventh Seal? Sure.
Isn't that the one where the guy plays chess with death?
Yeah.
You know, it's a classic allegory of the human condition.
I love Bergman.
You know, I once wrote him a ten-page fan letter.
Did he write back?
I was too embarrassed to send it.
But when he came to New York to direct Hamlet,
I wanted him to autograph my copy of Persona.
Did you get it?
Well, I was too embarrassed to ask him.
The play was really great, though.
Well, let's go rent the movie.
I can't.
I have to go to my admissions interview.
Well, we could do it later.
I doubt I'll be up for it.
There's a guy climbing in your window.
Oh, that's just my friend Sam.
Hi, Sam.
Weird.
Hey, must be Paper.
Having a good trip so far?
Sure, whatever.
Oh, no.
I hope that's not Maria Theresa.
Don't worry, I'll cover for you.
Hello.
Oh, hi, Mrs. Henderson.
Just a minute.
It's your mom.
You just missed her.
Yeah, she left for her interview.
No, I'm sure that's where she must be.
Of course I'd tell you if there was something wrong.
No, really.
I'll have her call you once she gets in.
No, I won't forget to tell her.
Yeah, we're having a great time.
Bye.
Thanks.
Well, I guess I really do have to go to that interview.
Nice meeting you, Piper.
Good luck.
Whatever.
So, she seems like a barrel of laughs.
Sam, I thought I was bored,
but Piper is more bored than I ever was.
Maybe she's not bored.
Maybe she's just boring.
Sam, Piper's blue.
She's quiet.
She's whatever.
But I have a feeling underneath it all, Piper is anything but boring.
Well, then what's her problem?
I don't know.
But something's bringing her down.
And I'm going to find out what's up.
More Clarissa.
More Snake.
After this.
How big is Nickelodeon?
Nickelodeon.
You shall be.
No, you'll never be.
Big.
Nickelodeon.
Bigger every day.
Watch.
It's guarding the treasure.
What's this?
That's it.
You can't get away from it.
It's from the pit.
What's going to get it?
The gays eat from the pit.
First one to the treasure wins.
But watch out for it.
Whoa!
You can't get away from it.
I win!
Play it.
Saturday, a secret someone slipped Stephanie a secret surprise.
Snuggled in a Huffy secret treasure spike.
Sending sparkles to Stephanie's eyes.
Huffy secret treasure spike.
With lots of secret drawers and hiding places.
To hold everything you treasure.
For my own secret treasure.
Secret treasures from Huffy.
America's first choice.
Some play games that go...
And some play games that go...
Well now there's Nintendo's new...
Pinball video game called Kirby's Pinball Land.
And Kirby's...
All over the place.
All you do is keep Kirby...
As long as you can.
Get Nintendo's new Kirby's Pinball Land for Game Boy.
And we'll bet you won't go...
Taking them a ride.
And making them a lift.
Hop on it into paint and truck to Cruxel and to Smith.
Home Alone 2.
Lost in New York.
The perfect holiday gift.
Saved up to $100 on American Airlines.
Details in video.
Take home a world of adventure.
Once upon a forest.
You'll offend us.
The story of three unlikely heroes.
Racing against time to rescue their friend.
Let's go.
Get the perfect holiday gift today.
Yippee!
Once upon a forest. On video.
You're watching...
Clarissa Explains It All.
Okay.
I've been wracking my brain trying to figure out what Piper's problem is.
Maybe she's homesick.
Nah, I don't think so.
Because she never wants to call home.
And when her mom calls,
she always tells me to say she's not here.
There's gotta be an explanation.
Now, if I had my own talk show,
I could consult the experts.
The focus of today's show,
Piper Henderson.
She's young, she's hip,
she's from New York,
and she's seriously bummed.
We invited her to be here today,
but she wasn't, quote,
in the mood.
Maybe some other time.
Whatever.
Unquote.
They are three experts,
kind enough to offer their professional opinions
on what's eating Piper.
First, an expert in the treatment
of psychosynomatic disorders,
Dr. Sven Svensson.
Hey.
The girl is suffering from
the overexposure to
the Igmar Bergman films.
Okay?
The genius and complexity
of this great suite
can cause to any mere model
existential crisis.
Now, take the classic
scenes from the marriage
and the subversive depiction of the instinct...
Thank you very much.
A provocative yet unorthodox
theory to say the least.
Perhaps our world-renowned fashion expert
can shed some light on the subject.
Her clothes are bringing her down.
She's an autumn.
She's wearing winter.
It's very unflattering.
You are what you wear.
That's why it's so important
to read my new book.
You are what you wear.
Well, that is...
really dumb.
There just isn't another word for it.
Let's turn to our family expert
who just happens to be my mom,
Miss Bessie Jesse Raphael.
Everything would be fine
if she would just talk to her mother more often.
But does she call? Does she write?
Not even a postcard.
She's always too busy.
I guess that's what happens when you think you're a big shot.
Okay, okay. We get the picture.
I guess everyone's got problems,
especially the people who are supposed to solve them.
Hyper, my folks would have picked you up.
It's okay. I felt like walking in the rain.
Well, how'd the interview go?
It was horrible.
Sorry they didn't like you?
They love me.
Isn't that good?
It's a nightmare.
A nightmare?
A mystery is what it is.
And I'm gonna get to the bottom of it.
Hyper, can I come in?
Sure, whatever.
So it was really raining out there, huh?
Yeah.
So I guess you're not having much fun here.
Well, you know, it's fine here.
I would, too.
Then why did you come here at all?
Good question.
What do you mean?
It's my mom's idea,
and she loved going to school here,
so she was sure I would, too.
And you don't?
I know I haven't given it a chance,
but I want to go to film school in New York.
So what's wrong with that?
Everything, according to my mom.
She doesn't like what I wear.
She thinks I hang out with a bad crowd.
I'm sorry I've been such a drag,
but you would be, too, if someone were forcing you
to go to school hundreds of miles
from everything you love.
Well, maybe you just need to talk to her.
Yeah, right. You don't know my mom.
Well,
if you feel this bad now,
think how you'll feel after four years here.
Four years?
I'm not gonna last four weeks.
Then you better try to do something now.
Okay, I'll try.
But you'll see.
She never listens.
Oh, hi. Is mom there?
Yeah, hi, mom.
Yeah, it went fine, but...
I know.
But I don't really want...
Yeah, but they don't even have one film course level on...
I know, but if you could just...
Okay.
Yeah.
I love you, too.
Bye.
Wow. She didn't even give you a chance.
I told you. I'm doomed.
Piper?
If your mom won't listen, there's only one thing to do.
Crank up the volume.
So you talked to Maria Theresa.
Yeah, I told her exactly how I feel.
And?
I think we're engaged.
I don't know. I told her I couldn't go on like this anymore.
And the next thing I knew,
she was practically setting a date for the wedding.
So when is the big day?
Funny. She still has to decide
whether we should have a jazz band or just a DJ.
Great.
No kidding.
So have you figured out why Piper's so down all the time?
Hi, Sam. How are you?
Hi, Piper.
Are you ready? Sure thing.
What are you guys up to?
Listen and learn, Sam.
Hello, Mrs. Henderson. This is Clarissa.
Clarissa Darling.
You know Jenna Darling's daughter?
Right, we talked before.
Oh, no, no. Piper's fine.
Yeah, it went great.
Well, I just wanted to call and find out what she likes to eat.
Besides ketchup, I like ketchup as much as the next guy,
but it's usually on something.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, does she always wear the same clothes every day?
I mean, they're great,
but it's kind of weird.
She sleeps in them. Is that a New York thing?
Oh, no, no.
I think she's fine.
Of course she hasn't slept since she's been here.
Come out here?
Well, only if you think you should.
Oh, I know my mom would love to see you.
Tomorrow?
Great. See you then.
Bye.
What's the deal?
I can't believe it. My mom took the bait.
But now's the tough part.
We've got to reel her in.
There we all are in front of the rats' gallery.
Oh, yeah.
I always loved October Fests.
Oh, Piper, come look. We wanted to show you this.
What is my mom wearing?
Her later, Hosun.
Nice hat, Dad. I love the feather on the side.
How Tyrolean.
Not everybody can get away with that look, you know.
I'm sure.
What would you do if you were to see Kokey right now?
Oh, I would love to see Kokey.
Kokey!
My?
It's so great to see you, but what are you doing here?
Well, if Piper needs me, I'm here.
So you're staying?
As long as necessary.
And you must be Clarissa. Thanks for calling.
Clarissa, you call?
Now, where's my Piper?
Hi, Mom.
You look fine, shouldn't she?
Well, I heard about all that ketchup I'm saying to myself.
Piper doesn't even like ketchup. Do you, Piper?
Ketchup?
Of course not.
So, I brought you some pasta salad with those teeny weeny little olives you love.
Thank you.
I picked this up at Bloomy's.
It's black. You love black.
Sure.
Now, Clarissa tells me your interview went fabulously.
So, which storm do you want to live in?
Whichever.
Well, Kirkland House has the best dining hall, right, Jansy?
Jansy's rooms are in Briscoe.
Wherever.
Piper, I know you think you want to go to school in the city,
but you're growing up too fast.
You wouldn't believe her friends.
They hang out like a bunch of vagabonds in the park.
And at night, they go to juice bars.
What's a juice bar?
Well, that's where they go to dance and drink juice.
Wow, that doesn't sound so bad.
Well, it's going to do for a world of good to spend some time somewhere else.
Piper, you will be happy here.
Oh!
Let's go down to the campus and scout things out.
Okay, whatever.
Do you think we should have lunch first?
No, we can grab something to eat at the commons.
They've got a salad bar that has everything.
What should I get?
Well, I always like the spinach with mushrooms and bacon bits.
You can have that.
And what kind of dressing should I have?
Vinaigrette's always good.
Then should I use salt?
Piper, what's going on here?
Now, you always have your own opinions about everything.
This isn't like you.
It isn't.
Well, she's been like this since she got here.
What is it, sir?
Well, she can't make up her own mind about anything.
That can't be true.
Piper is very independent just like I was.
Oh, really?
So, uh, who got to decide where you went to school?
Well, I did, of course.
I mean, your grandma wanted me to go to an all-girls school,
but I had my mind made up to come here.
And there was no way I was going to let anyone else
make my decision for me.
Ha, ha, ha.
Oh.
I see.
Mom, if I can't decide for myself
where I'm going to go to school,
then I might as well do what you want
and only what you want.
You know, Piper, you're right.
I am?
When you're right, you're right.
Enough said.
So I guess we won't be hitting that salad bar after all.
Well, if it's okay with you girls,
wouldn't it be fun to go check out
our old collie Chauns?
I think maybe we'll stay at home.
How about you, Jansy?
Oh, yes, I'm gay.
Groovy, let's go get mugs.
Well, because we got a movie to catch.
Maria Trees is out there right now
and she said something about picking China patterns.
Clarissa, what's a China pattern?
What's going on?
Well, this girl has a major crush on Sam
and she won't take no for an answer.
But did you tell her about your girlfriend from New York?
What girlfriend from New York?
Me.
Great idea.
I couldn't have done better myself.
I'm going to break the news urgently.
Meet me outside in no more than 10 seconds.
You want to watch?
Whatever.
These are sublime, Ferguson.
Oh, finally someone around here
with the sophisticated palate.
Who would have thought cheese blitz on croissants
could be so delightful?
We were all out of duck pâté.
We'll have some more coffee.
Black, very black.
Oh, Ferguson, please try and keep it down, huh?
Well, I guess we're not 18 anymore.
Yeah, but...
We sure did have fun that way.
Closing down the Rathskeller just like in the good old days.
Morning, everybody.
Mom, we got to catch our plane.
Too bad you won't be going to school out here, Piper.
Yeah, it seems like you two would have made
great roommates after all.
Well, you know that's still a possibility.
Oh, I doubt Piper's going to change your mind.
Yeah, but mine's not made up yet.
I thought I might check out some schools in New York.
Could it be?
Would it be the 11th hour?
New York sport? Really?
Just exploring the possibility.
It could be fun.
It could be exciting.
And it definitely wouldn't be boring.
I wish we could make happy meals at home.
Yeah!
Happy Meals
Tasty Snacks
That look so real
Fun to make
And fun to eat
Looks like burgers and french fries
They can't be given
Makeup, Cheryl, it's all my fun
Made on a Happy Meal Magic
With the Happy Meal Magic Snack Makers
You can turn everyday foods into delicious snacks.
The Happy Meal Snack Makers set comes with everything you see here.
Ingredients not included, assembly required.
New from Mattel.
You can slip Stephanie a secret surprise
Snuggled in a Huffy secret treasure spike
Sending sparkles to Stephanie's eyes
Huffy secret treasure spike
With lots of secret drawers and hiding places
To hold everything you treasure
For my own secret treasure
I dare
Secret treasures from Huffy
America's first choice
Doctor, my baby eggs
My butterfly baby stomach
You got a Charlie horse?
Operation
Remove the pieces and collect your feet by bone touch the sides
Water on the knees
Operation
How to not be
been batteries not included hello barbie let's go for a drive cool meet you at
five
I look great, gonna stay up late, then it's shop, shop, shop, till we drop, drop, drop!
Walking phone Barbie Lamborghini says four fun things, adult supervision requires...
Hey, hey, guys!
Hey, guys!
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Whenever I find you, the state of the planet, address.
Go straight to the source.
Mother Earth, how are you feeling?
Don't ask.
My ozone layer is depleted and would you look at this rain forest so thin?
Ugh!
Again, with the fruit lining?
Well, luckily there's still time.
Fine, don't you talk to me about that, putz.
He's always running out on me.
Father time, is this true?
Recently, I had quite a scare.
Had to take Mother Earth to the hospital.
They said me filling out forms of the here.
Find this, find that, find here, find there.
It's tough when you worry.
So it looks like time is running out for Mother Earth.
By now, you're probably asking yourself...
What am I supposed to do about it?
I mean, I'm not a politician or anything.
You're stuck in a low pay, go nowhere, do nothing, job.
Yeah?
If you answered yes, then you're probably either a kid
or the vice president of the United States.
I'm concentrating on what you can't be.
Think about what you can be.
You kids are especially good at it.
You'll learn proven techniques such as brow beating.
Mom, effective lining.
Bring off the other person's vanity.
Sis, don't take the car, it's only six blocks.
But walk off some of that cellulite.
Do you have one with scientific knowledge?
Pull my finger.
No way, dad.
That thing said to the ozone layer.
Ozone, schmozone.
So there's a big hole in the sky at the south pole.
So a bunch of penguins get a suntan.
Big wolf.
You're missing the point, dad.
Right now, I'm going to miss the point after you're blocking the TV.
Come on, son, I don't care about the ozone.
Right now, I just want to see the end zone.
Saving the Earth is not a game.
Oh, look at that, they blocked the kick and I missed it.
Come on, you're being a pain in my end zone.
Look at all this environmental hoo-ha.
All of a sudden, my whole family's turned into one big pain in the...
That's last.
A painkiller for that specific pain only an aggravated father knows.
Presenting Dadville.
Sorry, pal.
No fancy aspirin's going to help the pain I got.
Dadville's no ordinary back pain relief remedy.
No.
It's made for dad's family to make their pathetic, wretched lives a living hell.
Just like you.
Well, it's not technically back pain, though.
Well, Dadville's not for ordinary back pain.
No.
It's specifically designed for that pain in the lower back.
Lower?
Lower back.
Hey, I can feel it working already.
Look, I can sit in my chair again.
And release as fast as you can say.
What happened to that huge pain in my butt?
Oh, they're still here.
But my buns feel great.
Well, welcome, Donald.
Thank you, Elsa.
All of my new designs are made from fast food packages
which have been recycled into withered apparel.
Ooh, let's have a look, shall we?
As you know, Elsa, hats are in.
Notice the way the tiny fire bomb box
makes Kendall's head appear.
Or a tiny hamburger, or a hat.
With new condiment-inspired talons,
oh, they make mustard and make pickle number five.
Right, obstacle?
Now, I keep so physically fit and mentally challenged.
It's wacky, it's designed for people like you
who want to firm up your grin,
your gutter, and I can do it.
With your right for extra attention.
They're righteous, they're rapping,
and they're in viral mentalists.
It's just a future.
If you heard the holidays sooner,
you could practice rapping stuff.
What's next?
Or you can hit McDonald's
for some way-cool miniature Mattel toys
like Lil Miss Candy Stripes or the Key Force car.
Tend to collect one with each totally toy happy meal you buy.
Has anyone seen a cat?
It is.
Do you want to make more money
than call this free number to find out how easy it is
to train at home for a better career?
At ICS, you can prepare for an exciting career
at home in your spare time.
Choose from any one of these courses,
high school, TV, VCR repair,
computer programming, electrician, animal care specialist,
business management, or accounting.
Call 1-800-424-0700 right now
for the free information Sally Struthers spoke about.
There's absolutely no obligation.
Call 1-800-424-0700 right now
for free information.
Call now.
Do you see what I'm doing for the environment?
You kids are always hopping on me about it.
What are you doing?
Nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
Huh?
How's that helping the environment?
Oh, come on.
I thought you kids were up on this stuff.
I'm not driving a car around,
so I'm not polluting the air.
I'm not running a lawn mower.
I'm not using the hedge clippers.
All that friction could hurt the global warming.
And that's just around the house.
I'll have you know at this very moment,
your father is not doing thousands of jobs
all across this country.
Talk about saving energy.
I could be the single best friend this earth has.
Well, great, Dad.
How about if we're joining the spirit
by not going to school?
Very funny, Mr. Wiseacre.
If you're not out the door,
by the time I count to three,
I'm going to break my pledge
not to kick your butt all the way to the bus stop.
One, two.
Only have to count to two.
That and it shall probably save the field somewhere.
Reminder, for Planet Day,
we have a special dramatic presentation
by a kid dressed as a tree.
I think that I shall never see
a thing as lovely as it.
Look at the flowering conifer.
The twit is showing.
Self-appointed environmental spokesman.
It's true the trees in our rainforest
are disappearing almost as fast as my hair.
But another valuable resource is vanishing even faster.
The children who portray trees in our school planes.
These children die of embarrassment every year.
That's why I'm asking you to help preserve
insecure dweeves in our trees.
Or, many popular actors are idiots
who began their careers as trees.
Almost lost an egg is still there.
One of these funny little cheap cardboard costumes
give generously.
Because idiots are our most valuable resource.
Next to oil costs.
TV, isn't that losing energy?
Heh, shows how much you know.
I got one of those solar panels on the roof.
This TV is running on the sun.
Well that's great dad, you really aren't doing something
to help the environment. Where'd it go?
Hi, I'm Cindy Crosses.
And today on House of Siles,
we'll be looking at the evolution of the song Bikini.
Oldest solar TV is going to work out just fine.
Being an environmentalist isn't so difficult after all.
The song was absolutely inspired by a wedgie.
Let's go to the beach where our two young models
playfully re-enact the wedgie.
Hey, what's going on?
Hey, you get stuck flying that kite?
Yeah, you want a piece of me? Bring it on!
Ah, forget it. I got songs to watch.
I've got this program to take you live to the observatory
where the once in a million year solar eclipse
is about to take...
Great. I got a moon blocking my moons.
And that's the story behind the thong.
Thanks again to Madonna for her special appearance.
Ah, no, I can't believe I miss Madonna's buns.
What did you say, dear?
I said that we wouldn't miss those buns
that we bought, those extra sticky buns.
We could give them to hungry people or something, somewhere.
Oh yes, you're concerned for buns is inspiring, dear.
Alley blubber.
President Clinton, you know the federal government
is not only concerned about the environment,
but we're also desperate for cash.
For 25 bucks, you make sure you never have
to clean your room again.
You mean you're going to clean it for me?
No, but we'll officially declare your room
a protected natural habitat.
Ma'am, we found a rare strain of earmites
that live only in Jimmy's room.
Don't touch the thing.
This room is a protected earmite sanctuary.
Oh, fish, I'll just do it myself.
Put the shirt down and step back.
Step away from the shirt.
Sorry, ma'am.
Can't bring them with a wildlife sanctuary is against the law.
You'll have to come with me, ma'am.
Oh, what?
I'll show you who wears the pants and the family.
Ah, ah, ah, ah.
Here are the frames with seven dwarfs.
Dock, can the jewels?
Dwarfs change color with warmer, icing water.
Snow white doll and dwarfs sold separately or in sets.
Dialysis, now what are the best values in America?
Yes, bro, limited time.
Buy the Super NES Super Set and get five
complete Mario games standard.
You'll find the Super Set is like no other system.
In performance, handling, and mode seven control,
you'll get Super Mario World.
And for 350 in postage, Super Mario All Stars
free with four Mario games in one.
Mario.
So stop by your Nintendo dealer today.
Do you believe in magic?
And I hope you do.
No one's ever friends.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Wear a big red shoe.
When you believe in magic.
To start the holidays sooner, you could practice
rapping stuff.
Or you can hit McDonald's for some way cool
miniature Mattel toys, like Lil Miss Candy Stripes
or the Key Force car.
Ten to collect, one with each totally toy happy meal you buy.
Has anyone seen a cat?
Eh, eh.
It's me.
Give me the taste that goes crunch, crunch, crunch.
Fresh Mr. Kid, I'm in.
A cool shake of big taste, so let's begin.
A honey sweet taste and the milk that stays crunchy.
Bowl after bowl in the tape.
A mouth to make a crunchy sound.
Mom yells running cold.
I'm coming down.
You can buy a box of honey taste, you can't miss.
Part of this balanced, nutritious breakfast.
Who is Artie from Pete and Pete?
The strongest man.
Catch him in the all new weekly adventures of Pete and Pete.
Premiering Sunday at 6.
5.
I don't believe you can catch me for eyes.
I'm super freaky.
We now return to Roundhouse
and Snick.
Only on Snick.
Probably tell from my accent, I am an arrogant French person.
I come from a tiny village
with supplies of fancy bottled water you drink.
And if you are stupid enough
to pay for the water my mules drink for free,
well then you'll probably pay for the air my chickens breathe.
Introducing Perry air.
Bottled air from the French house.
Clean, clear,
un-polluted air that always keeps you paying through the nose.
And coming soon,
Dairy air.
If it had a French name.
Hi there folks.
Come on down to the We Don't Care Mart
where we specialize in rare and dangerous animal products
because we don't care.
Take a look at this genuine condor gym bag.
Guarantee to impress the guys.
Only $9.95.
We can sell it cheap because we don't care.
How about our stuffed panda special for all you young livers out there?
They're selling like hotcakes.
There's only 50 alive left in captivity
but you know what? We don't care.
We're going down for a whooping, clean hot dog
and a visit to the beaten zoo.
Wack them, poke them, feed them explosives.
Have a good old time.
Come on down to the We Don't Care Mart
where we take the mineral out of environmental.
Ladies and gentlemen,
magic.
Please welcome the world's foremost environmental magician,
Sigmund.
I'm an endangered species.
Well I'm glad you asked because this time is our third season of magic.
Ladies and gentlemen,
for the last time any rest,
the spotted owl.
The spotted owl lives in the great forest
of the American Northwest.
Oh the tree has disappeared.
Now Troy, how do we make them?
Really?
I'm afraid we can't Sigmund, we're not really magicians.
We're just a couple of silly Germans
in flashy outfits.
Once these things are gone, they're gone.
Great Line Earth, the year 2093.
A TV commercial from
the future.
Remember when the earth had an ozone layer
that protected us from the sun and we could
actually go outdoors?
How long on your vacation?
Whether you're going to the Canadian desert
or planning a trip to visit the tree.
Oh boy, STF 2000.
Now I can go in the sun for almost 11 seconds.
Too long.
Most of the time we have, in 100 years,
we could see this commercial instead.
Oh mother earth is just fine now.
And that's just the way I like it.
When it comes down to it, it's all a matter of
simple arithmetic.
I'm going to teach you a little something about recycling.
Ready?
Sure, go ahead.
We'll freeze a theme song and roll the credits.
Call it fall young.
Good enough.
The perfect holiday gift
saved up to $100 on American Airlines
details in video.
The story of three unlikely heroes
racing against time to rescue their friends.
Let's go!
Get the perfect holiday gift today.
Yippee!
Once upon a forest, on video.
At last, my creation is finished.
And now, Huffy and I
will shock the world.
Ready? Ready?
Then, let the shock treatment begin.
Sir, they scuffed at my phantom fender.
What do they know about the shock I like?
It's our technology.
Well, Huffy and I will shock them all.
Yes! Yes!
The shock.
The money.
Right.
You think you can knock out these bricks?
No problem.
Without making the wall fall.
Let's rock and roll.
Oh, here I am.
With the rammer hammer, stack them up and don't let the wall fall.
Don't let time, dude.
It'll knock you out.
How big is Nickelodeon?
Nickelodeon.
Extremely big.
We interrupt this program
for a special report.
This is ace reporter, Ren Hoek.
Here in Times Square to have a word with our
returning boys.
Here's one now.
Excuse me, Mr. Horse.
That's Private Horse, civilian.
Tell me Private Horse.
How does it feel to be home?
Hmm.
Good.
Mighty good.
Yes, sir, I think America is the
greatest country in the world.
Yes, sir, I like it.
How do you feel about the president's
decisions during this terrible crisis?
President.
Gotta know about the president, eh?
All right.
That's the way it is.
I think the president did
what he had to do.
A lot of people suffered,
including me.
But I would have done the same thing
had I been in his hooves.
Yes, sir, I would.
It's our duty to make America
a safe place for our kids to graze in.
Say, who's this pretty lady?
Is that your fiancee?
No, it's my sheep.
Well, there you have it
straight from the horse's mouth.
I'm Ren Hoek, ace reporter.
I just love
to hear from our fans.
Don't you, Stimpy?
Eh, yeah, Ren.
Hey, listen to this one.
It's from little Anthony.
He says,
dear Ren and Stimpy,
I hope you can visit us
in our country.
The United States of America
and please bring
your costumes.
Sign Anthony.
What do you say, Ren?
Sure thing, pal.
Enjoy.
Happy.
Well, we better kiss the wives goodbye.
We're off to America.
Ren and Stimpy, mom.
We'll have to ask your father.
But it's all right with me.
Now, so much fun together.
Father's day.
I have the Stimpy.
Make me laugh in person.
You guys are so funny.
Oops.
Is that thing where your eyes bug out
and veins fill up on him
and you look all ugly and everything?
Wise up, kid.
That's a trick.
It's done with puppets and stew meat.
Ren, at least give it a try.
He loves you.
Okay, kid. Watch.
I'll show you the secret.
Ow, ow, ow.
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow.
Hey, it's my turn.
Guys, uh, my best friends,
let's never go to sleep.
Never go to sleep.
Offer.
You're hyperventilating.
Oh, my poor baby.
What did I do to you?
Shame on you.
What, what, what did we do?
What did we do?
You're destroying his youthful fantasies.
I hope for your sake
father doesn't find out about this.
My word.
People.
Let's get some things straight here.
I don't like you.
I don't like cartoons.
You're here for one reason.
My son, Anthony,
likes you.
And as long as you're good to my boy,
you can stay.
But if you do anything
to destroy his beliefs,
or harm him
in any way,
so help me.
Excuse me.
Don't you even
put that picture in my head.
Do we understand each other?
We understand
very well.
Daddy?
Yes, son?
Can Ren and Stimpy come out and play?
Oh, yes, son.
You should play with your
swell new friends.
Remember what I said.
Who's your new friends?
Anthony.
Recognize them?
It's Ren and Stimpy.
The famous cartoon stars.
Oh, yeah, sure.
You're not Ren Hoek.
You're not even a Chihuahua.
You're some kind of deformed mosquito or something.
Don't talk to me like that.
I'm a hollywood big shot.
Oh, yeah?
I'll twist your hat.
And I suppose you're Stimpy,
here I'll give you something you'll really like.
Joey?
Like I even believe a fart like you
would be friends with Ren and Stimpy.
Next time I see you, kids,
you're dead meat.
Nice going, son.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And Stimpy and Snick
will be back after these messages.
We don't need to tell you.
I'm just trying to survive till junior high.
That's why Nickelodeon presents
D-O-U-G Doug.
What should I do?
Doug is two eyes, four limbs,
and 84 pounds of wishful thinking,
plagued by grown-ups, hounded by homework,
a little nervous about girls.
He's just a kid trying to make the grade, seventh grade.
What are you waiting for, funny?
Hop to! Chop chop!
Can Doug pull through?
How do I ever get into this mess?
Find out on Doug, one of the Nicktoons,
every weekday at 3.30, 2.30 Central on Nick.
If you buy a cabbage patch, pretty crimp and curl kit,
or crimp and curl pony,
we'll send you a crimp and curl pet!
Absolutely free!
Wow!
Have your parents call 1-800-48668-68 for detail.
Mine's a puppy.
Mine's a kitty.
All for not valid for magic meadow ponies.
Remember, with every crimp and curl kit or pony you buy,
you'll get a free crimp and curl pet.
Ah!
December 31st, while supplies last.
Let's get styling, girl!
Change and powerful forces are attracting people to Pizza Hut.
It's the Marvel Comics X-Men video.
With a mini comic book, pull out poster,
and trading card.
All for only $4.99 with any pizza purchase.
There are two video packs to collect,
so hurry and get your claws on them.
Oh, I'll wrap that up.
Exclusively at Pizza Hut.
Some play games that go
and some play games that go
Well now there's Nintendo's new
pinball video game called Kirby's Pinball Land.
And Kirby's
all over the place.
All you do is keep Kirby
as long as you can.
Get Nintendo's new Kirby's Pinball Land for Game Boy.
And we'll bet you won't go
before lunch.
Energy is what you need.
You can fill your bowl with cereal.
You got a lot to do.
Before lunch.
You can fill your bowl with cereal.
You got a lot to do.
Do it cool.
Do it right.
Do it now.
Before lunch.
A bowl of cereal is part of this complete breakfast.
You got a lot to do.
And now back to the glow
of the Rennan Stimpy Show.
He's hyperventilating again.
Come on kid.
Grab out of it.
What's all the commotion?
No.
Grab out of it. I tell you.
Get off.
Get off my son.
Oh Anthony.
My beloved child.
Oh.
I know I've strayed from your path.
And
maybe I don't go to church
often enough.
But you know I'm a good man.
I don't ask for much.
But I'm asking
for this one thing.
Please.
Don't take my boy from me.
Give him
a couple more
good weeks.
Didn't do it man.
All right you two.
You march into the house.
Meet me in the
den.
You're gonna be all right boy.
Just take it easy.
Be brave with me.
Hush now.
Daddy.
We'll make them pay.
You guys are big shots.
Ha ha.
Shots from Hollywood.
Is that what makes you feel big?
Huh?
Pushing little boys around?
You feel like big men
playing with little boys' feelings huh?
You Hollywood
types make me sick.
You think because you come from
Hollywood
you can push decent people around.
People who work for a living.
I work my fingers
to the bone
to feed my wife and
my boy Anthony.
Anthony you've got to
pull through.
I bet you
wussies never worked a stinking day
in your stinking little lives.
Show me your hands.
Just as I thought
soft is a baby's head.
Well look at these hands.
These
are the hands of a working man.
What do you ever do for society
anyway? Just
what do you do to earn
your keep?
Well, we make people laugh.
Real hard work.
Making people laugh.
Did you go to school
to make people laugh?
Listen.
I make people laugh too.
But nobody gives me
money.
You want to hear a joke?
Well I
I'll tell you a joke
and you're going to laugh.
All right.
Here's the joke.
You ready?
Why did they bury
the fireman
behind the hill?
Come on.
Funny guys.
Why?
We don't know.
I'll tell you why.
Because he was
dead.
That's pretty good.
Maybe we can use that.
All right.
Funny guys.
I want to know something.
I just want to know
one thing.
So what makes you guys move anyway?
That's the funniest thing
I've ever seen in my life.
Do it again.
Hey honey, bring Anthony in here.
You got to see this.
Yes.
Hey funny guys.
Do it again for my boy.
Goodness.
That is funny.
I really love those guys.
Today we're at the UN for a global summit
to discuss the current world crisis.
Today's residing chairman
is Mr. Horse.
Mr. Horse.
Today we face a world crisis.
Yet,
while initial indications
would suggest a political backwash
that characterizes
the devastating
brouhaha we face today,
your administration
has refused to budge
on these compromise proposals.
Nevertheless,
many believe a relief effort
emphasizing the urgency
of the situation would serve as
sort of a catalyst
during a slow global upswing.
Foreign interest may be moderately optimistic,
but superpower co-sponsors
have left a generally
negative depression in the way
political failure.
Well, Mr. Horse,
what I'm getting at is
just what is your opinion
of the world situation today?
Hmm...
The cockroaches come in,
but they can't come out.
No, sir. He doesn't like it.
Thank you, Mr. Horse.
And it's all about Pork Chop.
I know he didn't do it. I just know it.
Will Pork Chop spend Christmas in the pound?
Find out when Doug's Christmas Special
premieres this Sunday at 8-7 Central
right here on Nick.
I'll shine some light on this mystery.
What the...
Behind you.
Some play games that go...
And some play games that go...
Well, now there's Nintendo's new...
Pinball video game called Kirby's Pinball Land.
And Kirby's...
All over the place. All you do is keep Kirby...
As long as you can.
Get Nintendo's new Kirby's
Pinball Land for Game Boy.
And we'll bet you won't go.
When Slip Stephanie a secret surprise
Snuggled in a Huffy Secret Treasure
Spy.
Sending sparkles to Stephanie's eyes.
Huffy Secret Treasure Spy
With lots of secret drawers and hiding places
To hold everything you treasure.
For my own secret,
I'm going to keep you safe.
To hold everything you treasure.
For my own secret,
I'm going to keep you safe.
Secret treasures from Huffy
America's first choice.
Sick.
He must want something. Whatever it is, forget it.
You okay?
I'm fine.
Why don't you just tell them?
What's the matter? Poor Davey upset about something?
That's why.
What's going on?
His family moved across town,
and he had to change schools.
Poor baby doesn't like being a new kid.
If you think it's funny,
why don't you try changing schools?
You don't know anybody, you get lost,
the kids treat you like you're invisible
because they already have their own friends.
If that means I'm being a baby,
then I guess I'm being a baby.
It'll get better.
Yeah, you'll get used to it.
I figured I might as well make the best of this.
So I came up with a story.
Now you're talking.
It's about two kids
who have to go to a new school.
It's strange for them at first too.
But what they find out
is this school is far stranger
than they could ever imagine.
Submitted for the approval
of the Midnight Society,
I called this story
The Tale of the Hatch.
Blackbrook School was supposed to be
one of the best boarding schools around.
So when Mr. and Mrs. Wilson
had to go away on business,
they thought it would be the perfect place
to send their kids.
So, what do you think?
Classic post-industrial
pre-law construction.
I think it's charming.
I think it's a pit.
Uh, well, I think
we should go and try and find the tailors.
Come on.
Augie and Jasmine
had never been to a boarding school
that they weren't too happy about.
If they had only known it was waiting for them,
they never would have set foot inside.
Why can't we just go with you?
I mean, we've been through this.
We don't want to disrupt the school.
So you ditch us in this prison?
We're not ditching you. It's not a prison.
It's a very well-known, highly respected...
Oh, my God.
What was that?
It's okay. Who are you?
Your parents.
You okay? Yeah, I'm okay.
It's just a nightmare.
In the day?
Marie?
I knew we shouldn't have left you alone here, poor dear.
Hello, Mr. and Mrs. Wilson.
She was having a nightmare.
Marie's been running a fever.
She should be in the infirmary.
Delusionary genes are often caused
by elevated temperatures.
You must be Augie.
And Jasmine.
Welcome to Blackbrook.
I'm okay, really. It was just a dream.
Well, we're not going to take any more chances.
After the infirmary, you go.
What's that?
Class change.
Shall we all meet in my office?
Some call us old-fashioned.
And they're right.
But at Blackbrook,
we believe an orderly environment
is essential to the learning process.
What's with the buzzing?
It's our tone system.
It signifies the end of classes,
mealtimes, wake-up calls,
just about everything.
Different frequencies for different events?
Exactly.
The tones are soothing,
not like the typical jangling bells
in most schools.
I'll bet you were adopted.
Now, if we can...
Ah! Ah! Ah!
Mr. Taylor, are you all right?
Yes.
Thank you.
Um, forgive me.
I've been having
migraines. It doesn't happen often,
but when it does,
watch out.
Is there something we can get you?
No, no, I'm quite all right.
Please,
let's continue.
I don't want to stay here.
I'm afraid we don't have a choice.
Yes, we do!
Why do you always accept things without a fight?
Because things happen for a reason,
and I understand that.
Yeah? What's the reason that guy went nuts
in there? Does one of his little
tones tell him to freak out?
No, he had a headache.
A headache? I thought his brain was going to explode.
And if I got to stay here, my brain's going to explode too.
Look, Jazz, you can get crazy
and make a big stink like you always do,
but it's not going to change things.
If Mom and Dad could take us with them,
they would, but they can't,
so get over it.
Okay, I've never been away from home.
It's only for six months.
We can handle it.
We have to do it for Mom and Dad.
Yeah, well, I'm not wearing one of those
lame, worn-out uniforms.
That's official.
I'm a geek.
I'm going to miss you so much.
Me too, Mom.
Want us to write once a week?
I promise. You guys be good now.
We will.
See you in about a month.
Bye. I think that means dinner.
My programming tells me you are correct.
I will follow.
What is this?
Sponge.
Sponge?
Like what you clean with?
No, sponge with the U.
It's great. Try it.
Some sort of grain meal.
Like grits.
Doesn't look so hot, but it's good.
We get it for dessert every night.
I think I'll pass as well.
I'll show you where to put your plates.
That buzzer is one to make them nuts.
All the other kids were pretty cool.
And they seemed to like the place.
Swaggy and Jazz figured they might as well kick back
and try and fit in.
Still, there was something just a little bit off
about the Black Book School.
Like, some very strange rules.
Willie!
We've talked about this before, young man.
No sad faces.
We'll just remember next time, won't you?
Excuse me?
Will anybody see this?
No.
Don't let anybody see this.
I'm not bothering anybody.
Doesn't matter.
You're not allowed to listen to music on school grounds.
Rules.
Taylor, say, gets in the way of the learning process or something.
It's bogus, but they're pretty strict about it.
If you're gonna listen, be cool about it.
After a couple of weeks,
they got used to the rules
and even started to like the place.
Then, one night,
things took a strange turn.
Reed, what's going on?
What's going on?
Scare me like that.
What is going on?
Where did you use to tell me?
This tone went off.
And all the guys got out of bed
and started walking off like zombies.
Yeah. Sting with the girls.
Let's select a Taylor.
No. Let's see where they're going.
Guys, please. I don't want to get into trouble.
Then go back.
It's some sort of containment system for water.
This is wrong.
We've got to get the authorities.
Don't be such a chicken.
Kit? Kit, you okay?
What is this?
I told you not to scare me like that.
This is incredible.
It's like they're all hypnotized
into knowing exactly what to do.
Yeah.
But what are they doing?
Don't.
Game Genie.
To start on any left, Game Genie.
To play your wick.
Game Genie.
Game Genie's got the secret codes for Mortal Kombat.
And if you think Mortal Kombat is awesome now,
wait until you play it with Game Genie.
Because if you don't,
you'll never know how far you can go.
Now, Game Genie's cost less.
Each sold separately for most video game systems.
Free Mortal Kombat Game Genie codes
of participating retailers while supplies last.
Set, go.
Hey!
If you catch this!
Whoa!
Steel.
Chrome Dome from Skechers.
Sport and utility footwear.
It's Capcom Street Fighter 2.
What's tougher than a Capcom Street Fighter?
A Street Fighter's mother?
No!
But the Crimson Cruiser with championship edition M Bison
and street slamming missiles.
It's not as tough as championship edition Giles
or the Beast Blaster.
It comes with championship edition Blanka and Chun-Li
and fires double-tubble missiles.
Street Fighter 2!
Capcom Street Fighter 2, Sonic Boom Tank,
Crimson Cruiser and Beast Blaster
come with championship edition figures.
Each sold separately. That's a lot of stuff.
Carol.
We're studying.
Oh, studying, huh?
Want some? They're really cool.
No, we old folks think if they call it Apple Jacks,
it should taste like apples.
Well, everyone knows why they're so good.
Try me.
Dad, you're pressuring us.
Okay, carry on.
What did he expect in the answer?
Please.
Kellogg's Apple Jacks is part of this complete breakfast.
We eat what we like.
It's Club Kits. We just wanna have fun.
Let's get Club Kits to a big case number one.
The Burger King Kits!
Now at Burger King,
you'll make a startling discovery.
Introducing Dino Crawlers.
Dinosaurs that crawl are just about anything.
You can collect all five,
one with every kid's meal, only a Burger King
where the Dino Crawlers are coming your way.
The Burger King Kits Club.
I love this place.
Now, the sneaking begins again
with Are You Afraid of the Dark?
There they are, dear.
I knew they'd fit in.
Thank goodness.
I didn't think they were eating their sponge.
They all do.
It's just too good to resist.
Let's just call the police, okay?
I want to find out what's going on first.
Our work is finally going to pay off, my dear.
The incubation is nearly complete.
Don't be alone much longer.
The master is pleased.
She's been patient these hundred years.
Her patience will soon be rewarded.
Then we can shed this inferred trap.
To our troubled past.
And our glorious future.
This isn't real. It can't be.
It's real, Aunt Rose. When those eggs hatch,
this place is going to be crawling with them.
I don't understand. Are they aliens?
I don't know. And I don't care.
All I know is we've got to get out of here and tell somebody.
We can't. They'll catch us.
All you ever do is follow the rules.
Well, the rules just went out of the window, pal.
You talked me into staying here.
And now you're going to get us out.
I am going to go get dressed.
You get a grip.
Jazz, let's go.
I've got a plan. If we hope...
Ahh!
The children have been naughty.
You should have beaten your sponge
like all the others.
You're a monster.
You haven't seen anything yet.
The excitement's just begun.
I don't like this.
We can hide here.
They'll think we escaped and start chasing them.
They'll think we escaped and start chasing us.
The pipes.
They make funny noises.
Okay.
The children should have eaten your sponge.
I'm afraid we can't let you out
to tell our secret.
What are you?
The last of a race that was doomed
to extinction.
Until now.
We've nurtured the eggs for ages.
Soon they'll hatch.
And once again, we can populate the earth.
And you use the kids to take care of them.
Genius, don't you think?
It's ironic.
We're a race of meat-eaters.
All kinds of meat.
Once the eggs are hatched,
the children will serve
another purpose.
The young ones
will be very hungry.
We're trapped.
A few children have caused problems
the way you two have.
But when they do,
they always end up down here.
You're very lucky.
You get to meet the mother.
Mother?
You've stumbled on the lair
of our master.
And she hasn't eaten any eggs.
Getting us out of this.
It's high-frequency sound.
You can't stand it.
You did it.
I do not stand it.
They couldn't stand high-frequency sound.
Like when my watch went off
and no one could play music in school.
It just fit.
I may be a chicken.
But I'm smart.
What happened?
Wait outside.
We'll take you upstairs.
We gotta know.
This is like a dream.
It is.
And you're not going to have nightmares anymore.
Where is it?
I declare this meeting
of the Midnight Society
closed.
And make sure to go straight home, guys.
Why?
Because tonight's a school.
Night.
You can sneak again next Saturday night
on Nickelodeon.